[ASM] - Expander- 4148 (#27795)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/README.md

  - [Cortex ASM - Qualys Enrichment](#cortex-asm---qualys-enrichment)
  - [Cortex ASM - Rapid7 Enrichment](#cortex-asm---rapid7-enrichment)
  - [Cortex ASM - Remediation Confirmation Scan](#cortex-asm---remediation-confirmation-scan)

>   - [Cortex ASM - Remediation Objectives](#cortex-asm---remediation-objectives)

Reviewer: Please move below `Cortex ASM - Remediation Path Rules`.  Should be alphanumeric order, same goes for the header section it links to.

Author: [change README order](https://github.com/demisto/content/pull/27795/commits/9a52179db635f2ca4f25e1331c7fa652cc283884)

A playbook that creates an ASM Remediation Confirmation Scan using an existing service ID, if the scan does not already exist;. It then polls for results of a scan.

![Cortex ASM - Remediation Confirmation Scan](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/master/Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/doc_files/Cortex_ASM_-_Remediation_Confirmation_Scan.png)

#### Cortex ASM - Remediation Guidance

A playbook that pulls remediation guidance off of a list based on ASM RuleID to be used in service owner notifications (email or ticketing system).

![Cortex ASM - Remediation Guidance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/master/Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/doc_files/Cortex_ASM_-_Remediation_Guidance.png)

> #### Cortex ASM - Remediation Objectives

Reviewer: Please move section below `#### Cortex ASM - Remediation Path Rules` section.

> A playbook that populates remediation objectives field uses to display the remediation actions to the end user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A playbook that populates remediation objectives field that is used to display the remediation actions to the end user.
```

> !TODO - ADD LINK

Author: [John's suggestions](https://github.com/demisto/content/pull/27795/commits/2e73af20c83edcef545f912c1964ef64fb572005)

> ![CCortex ASM - Remediation Objectives]https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/5f71853b59431ca60b1b783867b89f819accfefd/Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/doc_files/Cortex_ASM_-_Remediation_Objectives.png)

Reviewer 3: NIT: Misspelt Cortex

Author: fixed in [pack README fix](https://github.com/demisto/content/pull/27795/commits/ada9998fed431f1f0f03288052f0d69246dca467)
